# Introduction

This repository hosts a pair of Python scripts designed for the analysis of graphs presented in DOT format. Whether you seek rapid access to concise analysis outcomes or the generation of comprehensive CSV reports, these scripts are tailored to meet your requirements.

# Prerequisites

Ensure the presence of Python 3. x on your system before proceeding. If it is not already installed, you can download it from [python. org](https://www.python.org/downloads/).
Currently, these Scripts are configured for Ubuntu 22.04

# Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   #open terminal
   # Clone the "dot" branch of the SimpleDG repository
   git clone -b dot https://github.com/se-fbk/SimpleDG.git
   #Go to the folder where you clone this repository
   cd /SimpleDG/eu.fbk.se.simpledg/src/eu/fbk/se/simpledg/utils/FBK_Interview_Assessment
   

2. Install dependencies:

   #open terminal
   pip3 install -r requirements.txt
   

3. Usage:
   Execute with Shell Script

   A dedicated shell script (`run. sh`) is included for streamlined script execution. Open the terminal on your computer and run:

   #open terminal
   ./run.sh
   

4. Output

   CSV files, generated by `assessment_analyze_graph_csv.py`, are stored in the 'output' folder. Individual analysis results from `assessment_analyze_graph.py` are printed to the console.

5. Contributing

   Contributions are appreciated! Feel free to open issues or submit pull requests to enhance the scripts.

6. Contact

   For any inquiries, please reach out to Ali Hassan at alihasanuos@gmail.com.
